i'm john with optics and i'm going to
show you how to properly change lenses
on your brand-new profoto x because the
Profoto x is waterproof you have to make
sure that you've got the proper overing
in there when you change lenses we've
made the o-ring bright yellow so it's
kind of hard to miss and you want to
check that every time you take a lens
out you want to look and make sure that
yellow overing is in there we even
provide some extra ones so if you do
lose it make sure you've got more when
you're starting out one of the easiest
lenses to screw and is the fisheye when
you put a lens in it should screw in
very easily it shouldn't find it
shouldn't be hard to screw in so you
notice I put that lens in and I'm
screwing in with barely touching my
finger so you don't want to ever force a
lens if you do start to screw in the
lens and you're finding its binding a
little bit all you do is you screw the
lens as though you're taking it off and
you'll feel the lens seat and then you
go back to proper direction this is to
keep from cross threading a lens when
you're screwing the lens in you'll feel
that it's really easy to screw in an all
sudden you'll feel kind of like a little
bit of resistance this is where you're
actually contacting the o-ring now to
get a proper waterproof seal you want to
hit that o ring and you feel that a
little bit of resistance you want to go
another you know full half turn if you
can it's pretty easy with the fish angle
lens because it sticks up pretty high
but if I show you with another lens like
you know the zero degree or in this case
the macro lens it's a much smaller lens
so when you're screwing this in it's
sometimes hard to get a grip on it a
really good trick is to use the lens
cloth that we provided to grab that lens
and get some leverage you really want to
screw that in if you just hand tighten
some of the smaller lenses sometimes you
can't quite get them tight enough if you
don't have this rag with you you know
you can always grab a piece of your
shirt and do it that way the important
thing to remember again is you have your
yellow overing in place and when you
screw the lens down you have a nice you
know half to three quarter turn after
you contact that
as long as you do all these things you
should be all set to shoot underwater
down to 33 feet with your optics pro
photo X